[Music]
what's up YouTube so we are here again
doing our bastardized filipino recipes
and I'm here at my sister Celine and we
will be making our version of a Bicol
Express sorry about people express it
was actually made popular by someone
from Laguna where we're from but she
actually moved to be Co interest 3 and
then came back open a restaurant in
malate and invented because Express
there you go she made it popular there
so today what we're gonna do differently
is we're using some pork loin which has
already been chopped and I'm gonna slice
it up even further we're gonna top it
with some crunchy yeah info which I'm
just gonna really remove some of the
meat and then use most of the fat just
to deep-fry that and then we have some
scallops completely different completely
bastardize but we think it'll really
come together nicely
and of course our peanut butter and
we're adding peanut butter so why don't
that just kind of like a Sun balm eats
at a kind of situation happen and very
spicy so so then it's gonna start we're
gonna chop the chili we have 3 types of
chilies green red which are not very
spicy and then a seedy olive oil which
are the really most spicy ones I'm just
gonna clean up our the info so here what
I'm trying to do is get really small
thin pieces I would normally not do it
but so in since she's such a fat ass
where me wanted to do
so she wanted to kind of teach her own
on top person texture much up the onions
she's using one red onion and then the
other aromatics they're gonna go in so
we have some ginger right here we have
some lemongrass obviously very famous
and very popular never added some cream
to the wrong piece and some coriander
that's important yeah this is this is
exactly what you shouldn't do because if
you eat this and you bite into this
you're basically gonna die so you want
to make sure that everything's really
finely chopped not like cement boss
there's a way to poison your husband
that's two for the pork so I have like
little one-inch tubes here I think it's
a little too big because I want to cook
this faster kind of like a stir-fry and
if you find the heat too much they can
always add a little bit of sugar a
little ginger and then finally for the
scallops very simple enough what I'm
gonna do is just season it with some
salt and we're gonna fry this separately
from everything else because we just
really want to retain the beauty of the
first hour okay no it could be
lemongrass so if you cut it you really
have to mince it really thinly but this
is better since you just was in slavery
we're not necessarily getting all that
stuff in your mouth okay so we've just
had some olive oil and I forgot to
chopped garlic awhile ago so let's put
the garlic and the onions while she's
getting that aromatic down I'm gonna
just dry off my pork separately first
just to brown it separately from the
vegetables now I'm going to add
and the ginger into our mix here huh I
can do that too so what we're looking
for here so then just wants to kind of
not necessary yes not a circle holder
everything basically sweat everything
down until it's nice and translucent and
then we're gonna add the pork you're
gonna cop a lot these and chewy so once
we add the coconut milk and we should be
right does it make you cough no really
so we're actually really dying right now
the chili is really intense so the
process usually am add the pork to the
vegetables now usually what we do is add
the pan butter and the bug on first but
since we're really having a hard time
here we're gonna add our coconut cream
first I kind of just make sure nothing
goes into our throats anymore so the
coconut cream goes in there to really
create the base of our sauce so I'm
gonna let taking just a tad bit you're
gonna actually mix coconut milk and
coconut cream as well so this matter is
nice and together she's gonna start
seasoning it with our bug along and then
our peanut butter I can place this ready
and willing aggressive on your grill
fire to medium simmer you can use spicy
we're going if you really need more heat
if you don't just add regular burger
like we do we're gonna start with one
tablespoon and we're gonna put one
tablespoon of peanut butter and then
you're gonna taste and then decide
whether or not we need to add more so
it's actually like a mix of like Bicol
Express and curry curry it makes a time
Ally into the peanut paste it
[Music]
you think oh my god it's all over my
hair I didn't even put more if I go home
really no Saltine up dude okay he's got
that they were good no it's good
nothing creamy it's nice and spicy so
that's basically done and while I
deep-fry things so then is gonna stay
safe on this side so your pork skin is
basically ready when it's nice and brown
like it is here and keep that on the
side and then we're gonna chop it up
cute and then for our scallops I have a
little bit of olive oil into a pan here
I'm using the same pan where I put my
pork just so that flavor just coming it
comes together they're nice and seasoned
with salt and these will take about two
minutes per side to cook to make sure
never to overcook your scallops
[Music]
so we're basically good to go all the
elements are good so we're gonna put
this onto a plate here I'm gonna quickly
chop up some chives just to give us some
extra tang unis - the whole dish and a
little bit of coriander to CS and greens
and freshness so be nice
mmm NC and kind of mine C as well so
we're gonna put on our scallops which
they're perfectly cooked here and we're
gonna top it off with our herbs co-sleep
works then you wanna chop it up weren't
yeah we'll chop it a bit
we just want those nice crunchy bits
kind of go all over the place and then
some pork goes on top and we chopped up
one side of my seat so then you want to
present Mich now you guys go up so we
got ginger onions garlic scallops crispy
lamb po peanut butter but feast
come on sit coriander chives that's a
lot of use ginger salt pepper coconut
cream coconut cream okay
I said this
the balancing stops bring some nice
sweetness to the holder the thigh
version of big laces
thanks again guys for watching if you
want Zeisel in again let us know let us
know what you want hashtag hashtag
sausage cooking cooking cooking keep
checking out Instagram is pretty
pathetic and so thank you again for
watching you can did like the video
please make sure to subscribe to the
channel and we'll see you guys very soon
make sure to check also all our previous
Filipino dishes this is a whole series
of reviewing and I hope you guys are
enjoying it
yeah yeah